[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
However, Luffy becomes
sidetracked by a tournament
that offers the
Flame Flame Fruit as a prize.
The first round
is a battle royale,
from which only one competitor
can emerge victorious.
Burgess of the
Blackbeard Pirates
won the match for Block A,
and the battle for
Block B is about to begin.
[GYATS] Gladiators led
by the tactician, Dagama
are protecting
Elizabello the Second,
ruler of the
Kingdom of Prodence!
The question isn't if, but when
will he throw his
devastating King Punch!
Who will be its target?
[ABDULLAH, JEET groan]
Make 'em bleed, Bellamy!
[GYATS]
So cruel! So vicious!
Look these words up
in the dictionary
and you'll surely find a
picture of this man's face!
He's certainly one
of our top contenders,
but does he have any hope
of toppling
Elizabello and his allies?
[GILLY yells]
[GYATS]
On the other side of the stage,
a duel has erupted
between Jiaokungdo
martial artist, Blue Gilly,
and the mysterious
gladiator, Ricky!
Which of these bruisers will
emerge victorious?
[HACK]
Four Thousand Brick...
[BARTOLOMEO stammering]
[HACK]
...Fist!
[CROWD cheers, gasps]
[BARTOLOMEO chuckles]
Gotcha!
[HACK groaning]
[GYATS] What's goin' on?! Why
is Hack the one on the ground?!
That's crazy. What's going on?
[GYATS] Who or what is
this lewd, crude contender?
Surely some kind of monster!
[BARTOLOMEO chuckles]
[CROWD gasping]
[BARTOLOMEO grunts, chuckles]
[gasps]
[GYATS]
Hack is defeated!
[CROWD shouting]
[GYATS] It looked like he
didn't even get near him!
What did Bartolomeo
do just now?!
Agh, no! I was rooting for Hack!
Someone put an end to that
obnoxious little jackass!
Aren't you supposed
to be impartial?
[ATTENDANT B]
Please calm down!
[GYATS] Looks like it's
anybody's game at this point!
B-Block's down to 24
competitors!
'Bout time to
wrap this thing up.
Heh. Bet that guy'll
be fun to kill.
[DAGAMA laughs, grunts]
It's heating up!
[DAGAMA] Here comes
the moment we planned for.
Hi-yah!
[GILLY shouting]
[GILLY]
Hm?
[GILLY yells]
[DOLD groans]
[CROWD cheers]
[GYATS] Even the most
accomplished fighters
are dropping like flies!
Not just Hack, but the
unknown gladiator, Ricky,
is down for the count as well!
Blue Gilly is on a roll!
[WOMAN A]
Blue Gilly!
[WOMAN B]
You're awesome!
[GILLY] Did you really
think you could cut anything
with a dull blade
like that, old man?
[DOLD] In the end, my old
age was what bested me.
[CROWD cheering]
[DOLD] I hate this
cheering for bloodshed.
But even more so,
I hate you, Doflamingo!
[COMPETITOR A grunts]
[ELIZABELLO grunting]
[DAGAMA chuckles]
[COMPETITORS grunting, groaning]
Dagama had the right idea, huh?
This competition is
really thinning out!
Oh, yeah.
Most of the other
guys are long gone.
[COMPETITOR G] I'm glad we
teamed up, or I would be, too!
[COMPETITOR H chuckles]
Same goes for me!
Wait for the cue from Dagama.
That means it's time to break!
Then we'll fight
amongst ourselves
until somebody wins,
you got that?
There's still a few
guys left standing,
so let's take out
as many as we can!
[COMPETITOR F chuckles]
Yeah, sounds good.
[GILLY]
Hi-yah!
[BOTH gasp]
[COMPETITORS groan]
[COMPETITORS grunt]
[COMPETITOR M]
Blue Gilly!
Here I come!
Get ready! [groans]
[COMPETITORS groaning]
Here we go! Let's
eliminate Blue Gilly
while we're all
still working together!
[COMPETITORS grunt, yell]
[COMPETITORS groaning]
[COMPETITOR X]
Dagama?!
[DAGAMA laughs]
Like a pack of dogs!
Loyal, but not too bright!
[COMPETITORS gasp]
What the--?
You were supposed
to give a signal!
You lied! Traitor!
[COMPETITORS gasp]
[COMPETITOR X]
What?!
Heh. I'm sorry, fellas.
It's nothing personal.
I'm just following
orders, same as you.
Does that mean you
were in on this, too?!
You were gonna use and get
rid of us from the very start!
[DAGAMA cackles]
And you're too greedy
for your own good!
Let's see if you live long
enough to collect your pay!
You're a monster!
[GILLY chuckles]
[GILLY yells]
[COMPETITOR BB groans]
Heh. Warriors who can't
think for themselves
end up doing someone
else's dirty work.
I'll let you take care
of the rest, Longleg.
[GILLY yells]
[COMPETITORS groaning]
[DAGAMA]
But you've made a fatal mistake
in turning your
back to me, Blue Gilly.
[DAGAMA] Come what may,
the Kingdom of Prodence
will take home the
Flame Flame Fruit!
[GILLY yells]
[groans]
Bye!
[DAGAMA] How dare you
betray me, Blue Gilly?!
[GYATS] Dagama the
tactician is defeated!
[CROWD cheers]
[MAN A]
That's what I'm talking about!
[WOMAN C]
Go, Blue Gilly!
[GILLY] Hm. That guy couldn't
have been any more suspicious.
I'm surprised anyone here
was willing to trust him.
[GILLY]
Hmm.
Hold on. What's happening now?
[MAN B]
All right, Bellamy!
[MAN C]
Kick his ass!
Looks like the crowd
favorite, Bellamy,
is getting ready to
fly into the fray!
He's targeting the winner of the
"most annoying pirate who
should just go away" contest,
Bartolomeo!
Uh?
Just go away, would ya?!
[BARTOLOMEO grunts]
[BELLAMY groans]
[GYATS gasps]
Uh?
Bellamy's down?! But he's the
one who went in for the attack!
How does Bartolomeo
keep doing this?!
[BARTOLOMEO chuckles]
He beat him without even moving.
Just like what he
did to Hack earlier!
But how did he do that? Crazy!
[BELLAMY groans]
Tell me what you did.
Tell me, dammit!
[BARTOLOMEO grunts]
[BELLAMY groans]
I won't stand for this!
[BELLAMY gasps]
[BELLAMY]
I'm Bellamy the Hyena!
And I won't be
defeated that easily!
[BELLAMY growls]
[BELLAMY grunts]
[MAN C]
Get him, Bellamy!
It's time for you to die!
Spring Death Knock!
[BELLAMY chuckles]
[BARTOLOMEO chuckles]
[BELLAMY groans]
No! It can't be!
Sorry, folks, I think
Bellamy's done for!
[BELLAMY groans]
What was that?
What the hell kinda
Devil Fruit did you eat?
[cackles]
[BELLAMY groans]
[MAN B]
Come on! Don't give up!
[LUFFY]
Bellamy.
I lost all of my
crewmates on that trip,
but it turned my view of the
whole damned world upside-down.
There's a big wave that's about
to crash through this world,
and I think that Doflamingo's
ship can ride it out.
Either way, I'm done
laughing at you.
[BELLAMY groans]
You can do it!
Keep hangin' in there!
[ELIZABELLO grunting]
So, Elizabello,
what do you plan to do?
I mean, what good's a king
without any loyal
subjects to rule over?
[ELIZABELLO grunting]
I mean, everyone in this arena
wants to be the
one to do you in.
And now, even the guys
who were guarding you
have turned their backs on you.
How does that
feel, "Your Majesty"?
[ELIZABELLO grunting]
[GILLY chuckles]
[GILLY] Hm? What's wrong,
can't strategize for yourself?
Some great ruler you are.
[ELIZABELLO chuckles]
Dagama served
his purpose well.
My punch is
warmed up. [chuckles]
All that's left is to throw it!
[gasps]
[ELIZABELLO]
Nothing is more dangerous
than an unchecked weapon.
That formation wasn't
protecting me from you.
It was protecting you from me.
Don't think so? Wait and see.
Dude. I just thought
of something.
What is it?
That's the King
of Prodence, right?
I've heard about that guy.
They said that he
destroyed an entire enemy fort
with a single punch.
Nah, that's crazy.
I'm sure he had a
cannon or something.
It's true!
Rumor has it, that
punch is powerful enough
to defeat one of
the Four Emperors!
[MAN H]
What?!
[MAN I] My point is,
if that story's legit,
then everybody on this
side of the colosseum's
gonna be blown
away by the impact!
[MAN H] Huh? Come on, man,
nobody can punch that hard!
I dunno, guys. I remember
hearing that story, too!
This is bad! If he
throws a punch like that,
hundreds of people
will die for sure!
[COMPETITORS grunt]
The tension is palpable now!
After quietly keeping
that punch in reserve,
it looks like the
king's ready to strike!
[ELIZABELLO grunts]
Mark my words,
I will win the Flame Flame Fruit
for the Kingdom of Prodence!
[FRANKY] Hey! What did
you wanna talk about?
What's your deal, man?
Like I said, if I'm gonna
wreck the SMILE factory,
then first I'm gonna need to
shake down one of Doflamingo's--
[TOY SOLDIER]
Halt.
Hmm.
Now, what's up?
Listen, I ain't
got all day here.
If you wanna say
somethin', spit it out.
Sorry, but I'm way too busy
to stroll around with ya.
[TOY SOLDIER]
Hmm.
I'd love to stay and
not chat, but later, pal.
Tell me.
[FRANKY]
Hm?
It's just, you keep
going on and on
about this radical idea,
but why would you want
to do something like that?
[FRANKY grunts]
[TOY SOLDIER] I get the feeling
you're aware of something
that the other
people here don't know.
So I demand to know what
your true intentions
are in all of this!
Like I said, I came here to--
[rumbling]
[FRANKY]
Huh?
[CROWD gasping]
[FRANKY]
Uhh?
What's that?
No!
[ELIZABELLO grunting]
[GILLY grunts]
[ELIZABELLO growling]
Uh-oh.
This does not look good.
He's gonna do it!
Here it comes. We should run!
Hurry!
[CROWD screaming]
Maybe the rumors were true!
If so, we're in trouble!
Oh, wow, not givin' up, huh?
Get your stupid
spring off of me!
[BELLAMY cackles]
You're about to find out
you messed with the wrong guy!
[BELLAMY gasps]
[gasps]
[ELIZABELLO grunting]
[ELIZABELLO]
King...
[COMPETITOR JJ gasps]
[COMPETITOR JJ]
Now's my chance to kill him!
[GILLY]
Move it!
Now, Shooting...
...Punch!
[BARTOLOMEO gasps]
[ALL groan]
[CROWD gasps]
[CROWD whispering]
[MAN N]
Hey, look at the Colosseum!
What just happened?
[GYATS gasps]
[GYATS]
That-- That was incredible!
[GYATS] No one in the ring
could have survived that blow!
Elizabello has wiped out
all of his competition
with a single punch!
Exactly like the stories said!
Yeah! Nice work!
[CROWD cheering]
[ELIZABELLO grunts]
[LUFFY coughs]
Whoa!
Wouldn't wanna be on the
wrong side of that punch!
[GYATS] There you have it,
folks! Bellamy, Blue Gilly,
and all the other fighters
have been eliminated!
Out of all 138
competitors in Block B,
I hereby proclaim the
victor to be King Elizabe--
[MAN Q] Hey, look! There's
somebody still down there!
[ELIZABELLO]
Hm?
That means the fight's not over!
[GYATS gasps]
[MAN D] Good thing he was facing
that side when he punched!
We're all safe over here!
[cackles]
It's a Barrier!
[ELIZABELLO gasps]
What's wrong,
can't create a wall by crossing
your fingers like this?
Come on, it's so easy
a little kid could do it!
Well, guess it could be 'cause
I ate the Bari Bari Fruit.
Barrier Crash!
[ELIZABELLO groans]
[GYATS screams]
The Fighting King Elizabello
is out of the running!
That means Block
B's winner is...
[growls] Dammit all!
Bartolomeo!
[laughing] Now, that
that's out of the way,
the rest of you can
go to hell, too!
[CROWD yelling]
[MAN E]
Screw you, dude!
[MAN F]
Yeah, buzz off!
[LUFFY] No way, the winner
was that weird chicken dude?
[BARTOLOMEO cackles]
The Flame Flame Fruit's mine.
And soon, I can give it to you!
[FRANKY]
Huh? You, too?
Lower your voice!
Somebody could hear you!
[FRANKY grunts]
So you're tellin' me you want
to destroy the SMILE factory?
[TOY SOLDIER]
Correct!
My comrades and I have
been making preparations
to do just that!
Then tell me where it is!
I'll tear that factory
down in no time!
You can't do that!
Yeah, why not?
If you do, then it'll
be too late for us
to rescue all of
the factory workers!
Oh, you're plannin' to
get everyone out first?
[TOY SOLDIER]
Yes!
It's a risky mission.
The fate of this country depends
on whether or not we succeed!
My friend, if you truly have
enough courage
to stand against Doflamingo,
then first let me tell you
the sad history of Dressrosa!
[FRANKY grunts]
[TOY SOLDIER]
Hm.
[NARRATOR] Law's team
crosses a strange bridge
on the way to Green Bit
to hand over Caesar.
They soon realize
that the structure
is far more perilous
than they thought.
Just when it seems
like all hope is lost,
Law pulls off a miraculous
surprise move!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Fighting Fish Strike!
Across the Deadly Iron Bridge!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!